Add comparison level-up doc (#1174)
openvinotoolkit/datumaro: docs/source/docs/command-reference/context_free/compare.md

  - `--all` - Include matches in the output. By default, only differences are
    printed.

### Support methods
#### `table`

> This method allows comparing datasets based on dataset statistics and provides the results in a tabular format. The result report is saved in the formats of table_compare.json and table_compare.txt, each containing information for "High-level comparison," "Mid-level comparison," and "Low-level comparison."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method allows comparing datasets based on dataset statistics and provides the results in a tabular format. The result report is saved in the formats of `table_compare.json` and `table_compare.txt`, each containing information for "High-level comparison," "Mid-level comparison," and "Low-level comparison."
```

+--------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
| Label - a          | imgs: 1, percent: 1.0000 |                          |
+--------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
| Label - b          |                          | imgs: 1, percent: 0.5000 |
+--------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
| Label - background |                          |                          |
+--------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
| Label - c          |                          | imgs: 1, percent: 0.5000 |
+--------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
```

Lastly, the "Low-level comparison" uses ShiftAnalyzer to show Covariate shift and Label shift between the two datasets. For example:
```bash
+-----------------+---------+
| Field           |   Value |
+=================+=========+
| Covariate shift |       0 |
+-----------------+---------+
| Label shift     |     nan |
+-----------------+---------+
```
The results are stored in the formats of `table_compare.json` and `table_compare.txt`.

> - Compare the current working tree and a dataset for table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compare the current working tree with a dataset in COCO data format to create the tabular report
```
